---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Assignment 3 Checkpoint
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-05-05
labels:
  - Essay
  - Assignment3
  - Checkpoint
---

<br>
<br>


```
Show what each page will look like. The pages do not have to be “functional” but the design should clear. 
```
Link to screencast <a href="">here</a>
<br>

```
Describe your design for your site’s shopping cart. That is, will it be a separate page that the 
user can view and edit, or will it be integrated into the product pages? If so, describe in detail 
how this will work on your site. Provide several examples of using the cart.
```
The design for the shopping cart is separate from the other pages of the site as the user should be able to add items to their cart without actually logging in until the user decides that they would like to process/check out in which they will be prompted to login/register to get to the invoice page. While the user adds items to the cart, the cart data shall be saved in the session with the use of cookies. On the cart page, users will be able to see similar contents as they would see on the invoice page, however, the cart page will include the option to checkout(taken to terms and conditions page for confirmation) and the options to edit the cart(add/remove items). 
<br>

```
Explain specifically how you will use sessions to manage your shopping cart. 
In particular, what shopping cart data will be stored in the session, what data format will be used 
(NOT what data type, but the format like with the data format used for your registration data). 
Use code examples showing what data structures (such as arrays and their objects) you will use to manage
the shopping cart data and how they will be used in a session.
```
I will use sessions to manage my shopping cart by using it to keep track of the cart data such as products and product data with each product having its own respective index. This is having the data in the form of an array and utilizing object keys to keep track of the cart. What I have in mind and intend to do is something like this example:

shop_cart: 
[
{
"floral": [0, 1, 6, 12, 2, 44]
},
{
"cartoon": [0, 3, 5, 123, 73, 2]
},
{
"regular": [0, 1, 6, 12, 8, 96]
}
]
<br>

```
How will you avoid access to your application when the user has not logged in or registered? 
What are the particular security concerns you must address?
```
When the user has not logged in registered, they will not be allowed to process their cart to receive the invoice. Before getting the invoice, the server will verify that a user is logged in and the session has not expired by grabbing user information from stored cookie. Some particular security concerns is that cookies can easily be obtained and manipulated. In which another user can log in as another person. A counter to this could possibly be encrypting the cookie to make it more challenging to be accessed. 
<br>

```
Upon a successful login, how do you provide personalization in your UI? 
Explain how you did or will do this (paste code if necessary)
```
Upon a successful login, I am personalizing my UI by using cookies to store and retrieve user information such as their names to display a thank you page and display their name on the page. 
<br>

```
If you are working with partners, how will you split up the work in your team so that you 
are working in parallel as effectively as possible? That is, who is doing what and when?
```
I am not working with any partners. I will be trying my best to complete the entire of the work.
<br>

```
How are you approaching Assignment 3 differently than Assignment 2?
```
I am approaching Assignment 3 differently than Assignment 2 as I have decided to start from scratch. This meaning that instead of building on the broken code I was using, I'm trying to correct what I had done incorrectly by going through step by step once more. Given that, I would like to demonstrate that I understand the content I was taught and am able to effectively use and apply it. In approaching differently, I am trying to emphasize more on making sure I have no errors and that I properly understand what I am implementing. I found that it might help if I'm ever stuck to go back to the code examples and try work it out.

<br>
<br>


