---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E4 Progress in Programming Report
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-04-05
labels:
  - Essay
  - Assignment1
---


```
My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways:
```
<ul><strong> Formatting </strong></ul> 
* With formatting code, I learned to indent and better name variables/functions. </br>
  For example: </br>
  [Using underscores] </br>
  totalprice --> total_price </br>
  shippingcost --> shipping_cost </br>
</br><ul><strong> Thinking "simple" </strong></ul>
* By thinking "simple" I mean that I've found it easier to step by step plan what I would like my code to do and possible solutions to implement.
</br>
</br>

```
I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:
```
<ul><strong> Thinking 'efficiently' </strong></ul>
* What I mean by this is that although I can break my code down into steps, I find it a tad challenging to implement a more efficient way. I tend to write my code in the most general way that comes to mind. This also tends to make the runtime of my code longer than it needs to be.</br>
</br><ul><strong> Implementing algorithms </strong></ul> 
* When it comes to working on algorithms, people usually use it to be more effienct when working on their code. While working on my assignments, I did have a little bit of a struggle when trying to pick which loop to use and how to properly use it. I can use algorithms it just takes me a few more minutes to figure it out.
</br>
</br>

```
I have learned a lot from doing WODs and I can do them without copying the screencast:
```
<ul><strong> Agree </strong></ul>
* Completing the WODs helped me work on my thought process of completing certain tasks and actions. The repetition of completing the WODs to meet the 
target time helped me cement certain habits such as indenting and commenting. Narrating what I was doing in the WODs also aided in helping me work out my thinking process.
</br>
</br>

```
The labs have help me learn and I am able to complete them with confidence:
```
<ul><strong> Agree </strong></ul>
* The labs definitely helped me learn. With Professor Port's explanations and help during class to review the lab and break it down, we not only better understand the concepts and takeaways of the lab, but it also helps us easier complete the lab. Others may often just copy what happens during class, however, I found that over time, I eventually found it easier to look at and try complete the labs ahead of time. 
</br>
</br>

```
I learned a lot from my experience doing Assignment 1 and feel ready to work on Assignment 2:
```
<ul><strong> Somewhat Agree </strong></ul>
* I definitely feel that after Assignment 1, I have experienced enough to figure out how I should manage my time and how I should go about the completing the required tasks. I am somewhat confident that I am ready to work on Assignment 2. There are some parts of my assignment in which I am still a little confused on better ways to go about it. Some examples of this is the JSON formatting and also how to get the errors to print out on my page. From my code, it appears that it should have printed, yet it didn't. 
</br>
</br>

```
I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:
```
* Honestly speaking, I think the class is formatted in a great way. At least in my opinion, I found myself having to challenge myself to find out how to answer questions and understand how things work such as HTML forms. For the HTML forms, I had to reread the text multiple times and try things out myself to gain a greater understanding.
</br>
</br>

```
What helps me the most in class are (WODs, Labs, class website, screencasts, readings, quizzes, one on one help, working with classmates, etc.):
```
* What helps me most in the class are the WODs, Labs, class site, readings, class sessions, and screencasts. This helped me most as the class website had a lot of the resources necessary from course work to course readings. The readings helped a lot as many of the things needed to complete our labs and assignments were explicitly linked and available to reread. The WODs and screencasts were very helpful in the sense of guiding how I should tackle on problems similar to our labs and assignments. The class sessions especially were the most helpful as Professor Port was open to answering any questions and explaining concepts we were covering :)







