---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E3 Performing WODs Technical Essay
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-02-14
labels:
  - Essay
  - WODs
---


# Invoice1

<a href="https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/060.expressions-operators/experience-invoice1.html">For further information</a>

<h2> A Brief Intro to Invoice1</h2>

''
Provide a brief introduction to the WOD along with a link to this page for further details
''

After completing the first WOD, I didn't necessarily find anything challenging as it was mainly understanding the basics of a HTML webpages and how to use it's elements to build a page given instructions to meet a certain outcome. Despite me saying that it was not as difficult as I thought it would be, one challenge I did have was managing my time. It took me 4 tries, all three first tries took me around 20 minutes. This was way more than the time I needed to actually complete it. My final try was around 18:08 which is pretty close to 20, but fairly decent. By my 4th and final try, I was pretty confident in completing the WOD at a shorter time. One challenge I did face was trying to narrate what I was doing, how I got there, and why whilst typing everything together. This in the end just kept adding more and more time. 

<h2>Invoice1 Experiences</h2>

For Browser History 2, I did find myself running into a similar situation in which I was having a hard time narrating and typing. As a result of this, my first try fell within the range of 15-20 minutes. The second try I did not get to finish as I froze up at one point in the beginning and decided to just completely restart. After completing the WOD the final time, I did find myself in a position where I was pretty confident in using CSS in my HTML webpages. I realized that right after completing the WOD, I do leave a bit of time running as I doublecheck that my final work matches what is expected.

<h2>My Preparations</h2>
With BrowserHistory3, there was a bit of struggle. I re-did the WOD a total of 5 times. The reason for this was that I kept getting stuck on the same part which was referencing the Google Font and using it. I did not want to refer to the screencast so early so I decided to try work it out on my own using other references before actually looking at how the screencast did it for help. Other than that, given what we had completed in class, I fairly knew what I was doing and had to do. In my final try, I found the WOD getting slightly easier given the amount of times I had completed it previously. It was also very useful for me to say out loud to myself what tag or such I would use and what it does as a result. 

<h2>Better Preparations/Next WOD</h2>
In completing future WODs, I found that it may be most efficient to first try to complete and narrate the WODs without worring too much about the timer. Yes, it is good to get a good time, however, I found that more times I completed the WOD and worked through it, the more easier it became to complete it. Of course, I did run into moments where I had to refer back to the screencast because I was completely stuck. I found it also very useful after submitting the WOD with my target time, to compare my results with the screencast as there were times where I did complete it a different way. 



