---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Assignment 3
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-05-05
labels:
  - Essay
  - Assignment3
  -
---

<br>
<br>

<b>
Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards)</b>
<p> My e-commerce store is a simple online store that sells keycaps for mechanical keyboard enthusiasts. The keycap categories range from products such as Artisan handmade keycaps to keycap sets which include enough keycaps for an entire keyboard. </p>


<b> Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented? </b>
<p> There are a few notable features and such that are not implemented: This would include getting my invoice to accurately print out my products at the moment as I'm currently working on this. </p>

<b> Describe what you are most proud of about your system: </b>
<p> I am most proud of the overall look of my website and the use of the products page as I was able to find a way to complete my individual requirement and implement a search bar for products.</p>

<b>Describe what you are least happy with your system:</b>
<p> What I am least happy with my system is the fact that it took me longer than the time given to work up to the point I'm currently at as I decided to start from scratch with a few things.  </p>

<b> How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2? </b>
<p> Developing this assignment was different than assignment #2 was that since I tried to ultimately do things on my own and apply the work from the labs and examples to show that I understood and can cover the concepts taught. However, it was taking me a little longer to piece such things together. </p>

<b> When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it? </b>
<p> When I ran into a problem, what I did to address it is to first, check my variables and what return I'm getting by console logging the variable. Next, it was important to write pseudo-code to basically run through the steps of what I wanted to do before implementing it again. </p> 

<b> Describe what worked well in doing this assignment? </b>
<p> What worked well in doing this project was working to learn and apply the concepts I was doing. A good majority of the work stemmed from me trying to work through the work we completed in labs and previous assignments. Going through these made me work my brain to understand what I was reading. </p>

<b> Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment? </b>
<p> What did not work well in doing this assignment was the pace I was moving at. Though we had a significant amount of time, I tend to work at my own pace which is fairly slow. This resulted in some components still being incomplete at the moment. </p>

<b> What did you learn from doing this assignment? </b>
<p> From doing this project, one big thing I learned is that I need to learn to manage my time better. A few other things are understanding server and client side processing as well as things using json files and overall javascript. I have an understanding of how to use java, but using javascript was slightly different. </p>

<b> If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change? </b>
<p> If I could do things differently, I would tell myself to take the extra time late at night to continue working on my assignment. In that sense, I would have been able to work a little more harder on completing ALL tasks required of the assignment. </p>

<b> Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging </b>
<p> I would say with this assignment especially I spent 50% thinking of how to do something, 25% writing the code, and 25% testing and debugging the code. </p>

<b> Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and explain briefly your rationale for the percentage breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed (e.g. “I worked on the security and my partner 1 worked on personalization”)</b>
<p> I worked on this assignment solo :')) </p>
<br>
<br>



